Announcing Izzy - Istio's CNCF Phippy family Character (#14710)
istio/istio.io: content/en/blog/2024/istio-phippy/index.md

---

> title: "Istio joins Phippy and friends - Welcome Izzy!"
> description: Announcing Istio's new Phippy character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Istio joins Phippy and friends — Welcome Izzy!"
description: Announcing the latest member of the CNCF family of mascots.
```
to not say "Phippy" twice

publishdate: 2024-03-08
attribution: "Faseela K, for the Istio Steering Committee"
keywords: [istio,phippy,izzy,dolphin]
---

Having sailed into, and proudly graduated within the Cloud Native Computing Foundation in 2023, it is now time for Istio to join the [CNCF Phippy family’s](https://www.cncf.io/phippy/) mission to demystify and simplify cloud native computing.

The Istio Steering Committee is excited to unveil Izzy Dolphin, the Istio Indo-Pacific Bottlenose, who today dives into the family of "Phippy and Friends".

{{< image width="75%"
    link="./Izzy.png"
    alt="Izzy, the Istio Dolphin"
    >}}

> Istio stands on the shoulders of several other CNCF projects, including Kubernetes, Envoy, Prometheus, and Helm. Izzy is proud to join Phippy, Hazel and Captain Kube’s gang, taking cloud native to the masses.

Reviewer 2: Inconsistent Oxford comma?
```suggestion
Istio stands on the shoulders of several other CNCF projects, including Kubernetes, Envoy, Prometheus, and Helm. Izzy is proud to join Phippy, Hazel, and Captain Kube’s gang, taking cloud native to the masses.
```

Reviewer: ❤️ 🔥
